# HeathMonitoringSystem
 Designed a Health Monitoring system with real-time data acquisition and diagnostics of physiological parameters, i.e., heart rate BPM, Cardiogram for heart rate, body temperature. We are performing the project using a variety of types like some periodic tasks, some periodic tasks which require a critical section resource, and a sporadic job. The resource used in the critical section is the Wi-Fi model of the esp32 which acts as a web server to publish the BPM and temperature of the patient to a remote mobile application or a doctor to monitor the well-being of the patient. We have four periodic tasks, • A low priority task for logging patient health data in the serial monitor • Reading the sensors values. • Publish patient BPM via Wi-Fi. • Publish patient temperature via Wi-Fi. And, a Sporadic job to alert doctor by the patient in case of any emergency. Prototyping: 1. Logging health system task- Used serial monitor application as part of this project. 2. Sensor modules – We used thermistor and IR pulse sensor to read the patient vitals. 3. Publishing module – ESP32’s Wi-Fi module used. This is the critical resource which is accessed by two tasks (BPM publishing, Temperature publishing). 4. Sporadic job – As part of this project a hardware-based interrupt is used to service emergency. Emergency is indicated by an LED. Scenario: As there are two tasks using a critical resource, resource management is taken care by defining Mutex. So, the tasks become mutually exclusive. The same is demonstrated.
